Zambia
======

Secondary line of Zambia code to be stored in a different location.
This line of code is for multi-year, and wider functionality than
the SVN repository of the main-line Zambia code.  You can find the
main-line code at: https://github.com/olszowka/Zambia

## What is it?

Zambia is an in-progress set of code designed to help run a (or a set
of) convention(s).  It's written in PHP and Javascript and has a MySQL
back-end.  The list of todos and the like is still quite long, so we
are nowhere near code release yet.

There are two other sets of freeware that are somewhat incorporated
in this, the tcpdf ( https://tcpdf.org/ ) tree to allow for printing
and the KonOpas ( https://konopas.org ) tree to allow for a nice
front-end for the users.  KonOpas doesn't seem to have been developed
since 2015, so there are some extensions to it, here.

This was originally spun off the software used by Arisia, written in
part by Tracy Gangwer and others.

## How do I set it up?

Most of what you need is in the Documentation tree, especially the
Setting Up document, although there are bits and pieces in the
[Wiki](https://github.com/mrdkap/zambia/wiki) as well.

Being that this is very much a piece of software in transition, please
don't hesitate to reach out and get help from the devs, especially
since the most recent state of the database is still very much in
flux, as we move from an instance per con, to multiple con instances.

Also, if there are specific needs for your convention (an Art Show, a
Photo Lounge, etc) I'm happy to help code those bits in as well, since
many pieces and insights are useful.

## Why is it designed this way?

Those of us who are writing this are mostly coders, not designers.  If
you have design requests or suggestions we are __always__ happy to
entertain them.  Please help.

## I have other questions?

Please, ask.  We can help.  Maybe we can even expand this.

Thank you all,
The designers.
